
Informatics & Analytics Task Force
Meeting February 8, 2018
Minutes

Present: Maxwell, Meyer, Mocko, Ridgewell, Jacobbe, White, Moss, Oli, Schwieder, Vacca, Valle Kostyshak, Gitzendanner, Rushing (intern for Smith) 

Review of Task Force Charge
    The purpose of this task-force is to provide a forum where faculty engaged in teaching credit-bearing data science classes can share and discuss issues of mutual interest. 

Additionally, the Task-Force charge contains three advisory activities
1) Formally assess, through surveys, interviews, and focus groups, campus-wide data analytics needs and current resources and activities.  
    
2) Review and consider the best practices and models of peer institutions who are leaders in data science education.  
3) Develop campus-wide recommendations in support of analytics and statistics education.

There are two operational activities
1) Create topics courses and workshops that support the curriculum offered by data science faculty across campus. 
2) Develop training materials to be used in informatics & analytics topics courses and workshops  

This focus can be adjusted and/or refined according to the group's desires and need

Introductions 

Task force members introduced themselves, their affiliated college or department and interest in data science education.

Future Topics 
Topics for future task force meetings were discussed. Suggestions from the chair were: 
a)	What is the role of non-credit learning experiences (workshops & seminars)?
b)	How can informal Communities of Practice support the data science classes presently offered on campus? 
c)	What does effective student assessment look like?  (Today’s focus)
d)	How can adaptive learning systems assist in the delivery of a world-class data science education?
e)	How might we collaborate as a group to advance data science education at UF?
f)	What data science education models already exist and how do we copy what's working at other universities – one example being Berkeley's Data8 course.
g)	Do we want to sponsor a Data Science education summit or symposium?
h)	Are there research collaborations we might want to undertake?
 
Additional  topic suggestions from members
a)	How to reduce reinvention of wheel in advancing data science at UF 
b)	Challenges to  developing a new data science course 
a.	Teaching requirements 
b.	Curriculum revisions 
c.	Departmental barriers 
c)	Developing fused or equivalent competency courses 
d)	How to ensure more students graduate with data analysis skills 


Presentation 
Levels of Conceptual Understanding in Statistics – Tim Jacobbe 


Information Items 
Denis Valle has an online list of statistics courses currently taught at UF: 
http://ufstatscourses.shinyapps.io/shiny_tutorial



